E. D. Abbott Ltd. Abbott of Farnham E D Abbott Limited was a British coachbuilding business based in Farnham Surrey trading under that name from 1929. A major part of their output was under sub-contract to motor vehicle manufacturers. Their business closed in 1972.
Schwan-Stabilo. Schwan-STABILO is a German maker of pens for writing colouring and cosmetics as well as markers and highlighters for office use. It is the world's largest manufacturer of highlighter pens Stabilo Boss.
Q-workshop. Q-workshop is a Polish company located in Poznań that specializes in designand production of polyhedral dice and dice accessories for use in various games ( role-playing gamesboard games and tabletop wargames ) . They also run an online retail store and maintainan active forum community.Q-workshop was established in 2001 by Patryk Strzelewicz – a student from Poznań. Initiallythe company sold its products via online auction services but in 2005 a website and online store wereestablished.
Marvell Software Solutions Israel. Marvell Software Solutions Israel known as RADLAN Computer Communications Limited before 2007 is a wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell Technology Group that specializes in local area network ( LAN ) technologies.
Bergan Mercy Medical Center. Bergan Mercy Medical Center is a hospital located in Omaha Nebraska. It is part of the Alegent Health System.
The Unsigned Guide. The Unsigned Guide is an online contacts directory and careers guide for the UK music industry. Founded in 2003 and first published as a printed directory The Unsigned Guide became an online only resource in November 2011.
Rest of the world. Within sports and games played at the international competitive level the Rest of the World refers to a team of players from many countries of origin that compete against a single individual or a team from a single group such as a club or country. The team was formed in 1998.
Globoforce. Globoforce is a multinational company co-headquartered in Southborough Massachusetts and Dublin Ireland providing cloud-based ( software as a service ) human capital management ( HCM ) software solutions. Its social recognition solutions are designed for employees to recognize and reward each other as incentive for performance and behaviors that are mapped to company values. A private corporation Globoforce is co-headquartered in Southborough Massachusetts and Dublin Ireland.
Rompetrol. The Rompetrol Group N.V. is a Romanian oil company that operates in many countries throughout Europe. The group is active primarily in refining marketing and trading with additional operations in exploration and production and other oil industry services such as drilling EPCM and transportation.
Wave Accounting. Wave is the brand name for a suite of online small business software products. The legal company name is Wave Accounting Inc. Wave is headquartered in the Leslieville neighbourhood in Toronto Canada and is currently being used in 200 countries.The company's first product was a free online accounting software designed for businesses with 1-9 employees.
Angstrem ( company ) . Angstrem Group ( Russian: ОАО «Ангстрем» named after angstrom ) is a group of Russian companies one of the largest manufacturers of integrated circuits in Eastern Europe.The group includes: OAO Angstrem ( the parent company design and manufacturing of electronic products and semiconductors ) ; OAO Angstrem-M ( custom design of integrated circuits staff training ) ; OAO Angstrem-T ( under-construction plant with 130-90 nm topology ) ; OAO Angstrem-2M NGO Angstrem OAO Antek↑
I-innovate ( UK ) . I-innovate ( UK ) is a London-based independent record label that diversified from video production into music management from 2009. I-innovate was founded by Najero Okenabirhie in 2008. I-innovate work with freelance directors marketers and artists in music and graphic design providing ad hoc services for clients labels and music professionals.
JVC. Victor Company of Japan Ltd ( 日本ビクター株式会社 Nippon Bikutā Kabushiki-gaisha ) TYO: 6792 usually referred to as JVC is a Japanese international consumer and professional electronics corporation based in Yokohama Japan. Founded in 1927 the company is best known for introducing Japan's first televisions and for developing the Video Home System ( VHS ) video recorder. In 2008 JVC merged with Kenwood Corporation to create JVC Kenwood Holdings.
Toei Bus. The Toei Bus ( 都営バス Toei Basu ) is a bus service operated by the Bus Service Division the Tokyo Metropolitan Bureau of Transportation ( 東京都交通局 Tōkyō-to Kōtsū-kyoku ) . It is also called To Bus ( 都バス To Basu ) .The bureau mainly operates bus routes in the special wards of Tokyo as well as those in the city of Ōme in the western Tama Area.
Tear Drop Records. Tear Drop Records was a record label founded in Winnie Texas in the early 1960s by recording pioneer and radio personality Huey P Meaux. As a deejay Meaux was known as the Crazy Cajun a name that stuck with him throughout his long music career. In 1964 Meaux moved his Tear Drop label and his Crazy Cajun Enterprises to Conroe Texas where he partnered with a seasoned record producer Foy Lee.
Presses polytechniques et universitaires romandes. The Presses polytechniques et universitaires romandes ( PPUR literally Polytechnic and university press of French-speaking Switzerland ) is a Swiss academic publishing house.It is based in Lausanne on the Lausanne campus in the Rolex Learning Center.The Presses polytechniques et universitaires romandes has an English-language imprint called EPFL Press.
Websense. Websense is a San Diego-based company specializing in computer security softwarewhich is used by businesses and government institutions to protect their networks from cybercrime malware stop data theft prevent users from viewing sexual or other inappropriate content and discourage employees from spending time browsing non business-related websites.
Adventist Health System. The Adventist Health System is a non-profit health care organization which operates facilities within the Southern and Midwestern regions of the United States. It is run by the Seventh-day Adventist Church.As of 2014 the system supports 44 hospitals and claims to be the largest not-for-profit Protestant healthcare provider in the nation.
CIB Bank. CIB Bank is the second-biggest commercial bank in Hungary after the 1 January 2008 merger with Inter-Európa Bank. This follows the 2007 merger of their respective Italian parent companies Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI to form Intesa Sanpaolo.
Orfanato Music Group. Orfanato Music Group ( OMG ) is a Puerto Rican record label in the music and performance production industry. OMG was created by William Landron also known as Don Omar in 2007. Orfanato Music Group is an independent record label which represents artists. Its music repertoire is represented nationally and internationally within the Latino marketplace. Its strategy is to serve those interested in Latino music including reggaeton Latin hip hop and bachata amongst others.
Dubai Gem Private School & Nursery. Dubai Gem Private School ( DGPS ) is a British school located in the Oud Metha area of Dubai United Arab Emirates. Dubai Gem Nursery is located in Jumeirah. Together the institutions enroll almost 1500 students aged 3 to 18.
Gateford Park Primary School. Gateford Park Primary School is a community primary school in Worksop Nottinghamshire in England.
German Historical Institute in Rome. The German Historical Institute in Rome short DHI Rome is the oldest of the German historical institutes abroad. Its purpose is to conduct research in the history of both Italy and Germany and investigate particularly the German-Italian relations in a wider international context from medieval times to the present day.
Holy Savior Menard Central High School. Holy Savior Menard Central High School is the Roman Catholic parochial secondary institution of learning in Alexandria the seat of Rapides Parish and the largest city in central Louisiana. The Menard mission statement accents: ( 1 ) Faith Development ( 2 ) Academic Excellence and ( 3 ) Service. Menard operated by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Alexandria in Louisiana enrolls approximately six hundred students.The school also enrolls non-Catholics.
Adarsh English Boarding School. Adarsh English Boarding School is coeducational boarding school in Phulbari a suburb of Pokhara Nepal. Nabaraj Thapa is the founder and chairman of the school. The School motto reads Education For Better Citizen.
Kresge College. Kresge College is one of the residential colleges that make up the University of California Santa Cruz. Founded in 1971 Kresge is located on the western edge of the UCSC campus. Kresge is the sixth of ten colleges at UCSC and originally one of the most experimental. The first provost of Kresge Bob Edgar had been strongly influenced by his experience in T-groups run by NTL Institute. He asked a T-group facilitator psychologist Michael Kahn to help him start the college.
University of Ulsan. The University of Ulsan ( Hangul: 울산대학교 ) ( UOU ) was founded on February 19 1969 as the Ulsan Institute of Technology. The University was promoted to a full-fledged University on March 1 1985. The university is located in Mugeo-dong Ulsan South Korea. The University currently has approximately 10500 students enrolled.The city of Ulsan has been recognized as the Korean city which was built around the corporate base of the multinational Hyundai conglomerate.
Yanbu University College. Yanbu University College was established in 2005 in the city of Yanbu Al-Sinaiyah located on the coast of the Red Sea in Madinah Province Saudi Arabia. The college is run under the auspices of the Royal Commission for Jubail and Yanbu. Yanbu University College is a governmental institution ( non-profitable institution ) offering post-secondary education dedicated to prepare and train a workforce to serve the local industry in the Tihamah region ( west coast of Saudi Arabia ) .
University of Windsor. The University of Windsor ( U of W or UWindsor ) is a public comprehensive and research university in Windsor Ontario Canada. It is Canada's southernmost university. It has a student population of approximately 15000 full-time and part-time undergraduate students and over 1000 graduate students.
Thomas Jefferson University. For the unrelated California law school see Thomas Jefferson School of Law.Thomas Jefferson University is a private health sciences university in Center City Philadelphia Pennsylvania in the United States. The university consists of six constituent colleges and schools Jefferson Medical College Jefferson College of Graduate Studies Jefferson School of Health Professions Jefferson School of Nursing Jefferson School of Pharmacy and Jefferson School of Population Health.
Kirk Balk Community College. Kirk Balk Community College is a state school in Barnsley South Yorkshire England. It is a technology specialist college which teaches the usual secondary school subjects but also has a wider range of technology lessons such as textiles and construction.
Skegness Academy. Skegness Academy is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Skegness Lincolnshire England.The school was known as The Skegness Earl of Scarbrough High School until 2004 when it was renamed St Clements College. The school converted to academy status in 2010 being one of the first academy schools in England and was renamed Skegness Academy.
MacDuffie School. The MacDuffie School is a private day and boarding school for grades 6-12 located in Granby Massachusetts United States. It was founded in 1890 by John and Abigail MacDuffie as an all-girls college preparatory school and remained so until the fall of 1991. Enrollment is around 200 students equally divided between day and boarding students. Steve Griffin sits as the Head of School.
Clapton Girls' Academy. Clapton Girls' Academy ( formerly Clapton Girls Technology College ) is a secondary school with academy status located in Hackney London England. The school is situated north of Hackney town centre on the A102. It is a few hundred metres west of Homerton University Hospital. It lies in the parish of St James Clapton.
University of Patras. University of Patras ( Greek: Πανεπιστήμιο Πατρών Panepistímio Patrón ) is a university established in 1964 in Patras Greece. Initially housed in the city centre the university's campus is now located in the adjacent municipality of Rio. Covering an area of 4.5 km² it is one of the largest in the country.
Murfreesboro High School. Murfreesboro High School is an accredited comprehensive public high school serving students in grades six through twelve in the rural community of Murfreesboro Arkansas United States. It is one of three public high schools in Pike County. With more than 200 students it is the sole high school of the South Pike County School District.
Barking and Dagenham College. Barking and Dagenham College formerly Barking College is a secondary education college with approximately 3000 full-time students located in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham in Dagenham east London England.Barking College Further and Higher Education College is located in Dagenham Road Rush Green London UK.The college offers many courses at many levels such as A-Levels HNC/HND BTEC and many more.The college runs some courses in partnership with Havering College of Further and Higher Education at the Centre for Engineering and Manufacturing Excellence under the name Thames Gateway College. 
Camp Stone. Camp Stone is an Orthodox Jewish summer camp located in Sugar Grove Pennsylvania. It is owned by Young Israel of Cleveland and operated by the Bnei Akiva youth movement. Their vision is to cultivate a lifelong commitment to Am Yisrael Eretz Yisrael and Torat Yisrael.
Jagadguru Sri Shivarathreeswara University. Jagadguru Sri Shivarathreeswara University also known by the abbreviation JSS University is a deemed university located in the city of Mysore in the Indian state of Karnataka. It was established in 2008 under Section 3 of the UGC Act 1956 and is part of JSS Mahavidyapeetha which runs a variety of educational institutions.
Theodore Roosevelt High School ( San Antonio ) . Theodore Roosevelt High School is a high school in San Antonio Texas. A part of the North East Independent School District the school serves portions of San Antonio and the City of Windcrest.
Erin Morgenstern. Erin Morgenstern ( born July 8 1978 ) is an American writer and visual artist best known for writing The Night Circus.
Samta Benyahia. Samta Benyahia ( Arabic: صامته بن يحيى‎ ) born in Constantine Algeria in 1950 is an Algerian French artist known for her Arab Berber Andalusian geometrical patterns and rosaceae called fatima.Benyahia studied at the École Nationale Supérieure des Arts Décoratifs Paris from 1974 to 1980 and subsequently taught at the École supérieure des Beaux-Arts fr:École des beaux-arts d'Alger in Algiers from 1980 to 1988.She moved to France in 1988 and received her Master of Advanced Studies in plastic arts from the University of Paris VIII.She currently works and lives in Paris.In the past twenty years Benyahia has participated in numerous group and solo art exhibitions in venues throughout the world including the Dak’Art Biennale of Dakar Senegal ( 2004 ) the Venice Biennial ( 2003 ) the Modern Art Oxford England ( 2003 ) and the Kulturhuset Stockholm Sweden ( 2004 ) the Spacex Gallery Exeter UK ( 2001–2002 ) the Residency and Exhibition Art in General New York ( 1996 ) as well as at several European and worldwide galleries.Samta is the sister of painter and sculptor Ahmed Benyahia student of César Baldaccini at l'École des Beaux-Arts in Paris and later a co-designer of the César Award trophy French cinema's equivalent of the American Oscar.She is the aunt of Algerian infographic artist and cartoonist Racim Benyahia.
Morton Stevens. Morton Stevens ( January 30 1929 – November 11 1991 ) was an American film score composer. In 1965 he became director of music for CBS West Coast operations. He is probably best known for composing the theme music for Hawaii Five-O a television series for which he won two Emmy Awards ( in 1970 and 1974 ) and was nominated seven other times for work on television programs including Gunsmoke and Police Woman.
Esfandiar Monfaredzadeh. Esfandiar Monfaredzadeh ( Persian : اسفندیار منفردزاده ) is an Iranian composer and director. He was born in 1941 in Tehran His major works are Gheisar Dash Akol Tangna Gavaznha. He has 2 daughters Bibinaz Monfaredzadeh and Sanam Monfaredzadeh Woods ( by marriage ) .
Cao Baoping. Cao Baoping is a Chinese film director. He has emerged in recent years as a figure in China's midrange cinema industry. Some industry watchers like Variety have situated directors like Cao between the older fifth generation directors such as Chen Kaige or Zhang Yimou who have achieved major international and box-office success and the more underground sixth generation directors like Jia Zhangke and Wang Xiaoshuai.
Charles P. Gruppé. Charles Paul Gruppé ( 3 September 1860 Picton Ontario – 30 September 1940 New York City ) was an American painter.Between 1897 and 1913 Gruppé lived in the Netherlands where he painted with the Hague School of art and acted as a dealer for Dutch painters in the US. He his wife Helen and their children returned permanently to America in 1913 ahead of World War I. All their children became artists including Emile Albert Gruppé ( 1896–1978 ) .
Da' T.R.U.T.H.. Emanuel Lee Lambert Jr. ( born December 15 1977 in Philadelphia Pennsylvania ) is a Christian rapper who goes by his stage name Da' T.R.U.T.H..
Lorraine McIntosh. Lorraine McIntosh ( born 13 May 1964 ) is a singer best known as a vocalist with Scottish band Deacon Blue. She has also achieved success as an actress starring in River City and appearing in Taggart among her most notable roles in television.
Elito Circa. Elito Villaflor Circa ( born January 28 1970 ) better known as Amangpintor is a Filipino painter and was recognized in his hometown as a folk painter. He has been noted as first blood and hair painter of his generation of Filipino folk artists and known for his signature subject of Legend of Minggan.
Will Tanous. William Lloyd Tanous ( born 1969 in Paris France ) is an American music industry executive. In 2013 he was appointed Executive Vice President and Head of Global Communications for Universal Music Group the world's largest music company. He was previously a member of the senior management team for Warner Music Group where he was EVP of Communications & Marketing. In 1996 he co-created and produced the HBO live music television series Reverb.
Gad Saad. Gad Saad was born in 1964 in Beirut Lebanon. His family emigrated to Montreal Quebec Canada in October 1975 to escape the brutality of the Lebanese civil war. Saad is an evolutionary behavioral scientist and Professor of Marketing at the John Molson School of Business ( Concordia University Montreal Quebec Canada ) . He holds the Concordia University Research Chair in Evolutionary Behavioral Sciences and Darwinian Consumption ( 2008–2013 ) .
Wilfred Josephs. Wilfred Josephs ( 24 July 1927 – 17 November 1997 ) was an English composer.
Hariharan ( singer ) . Hariharan ( Tamil: ஹரிஹரன் Hindi: हरिहरन ) ( born 3 April 1955 ) is an Indian playback singer who has sung for Malayalam Tamil Hindi Kannada Marathi Bhojpuri and Telugu films an established ghazal singer and one of the pioneers of Indian fusion music. In 2004 he was honoured with the Padma Shri by the Government of India and is a two-time National Award winner.Hariharan associating with Leslie Lewis formed Colonial Cousins a two-member band.
Marc Chagall. Marc Zakharovich Chagall ( /ʃəˈɡɑːl/ shə-GAHL; 6 July [O.S. 24 June] 1887 – 28 March 1985 ) was a Belarussian-Russian-French artist. Art critic Robert Hughes referred to Chagall as the quintessential Jewish artist of the twentieth century ( though Chagall saw his work as 'not the dream of one people but of all humanity' ) .
Sally Nicholls. Sally Nicholls ( born 22 June 1983 ) is a prize-winning British children's book author.
Nikos Karvelas. Nikos Karvelas ( Greek: Νίκος Καρβέλας; born September 8 1951 ) is a Greek songwriter producer and singer. He has sold millions of records as a producer and is most recognizable for his three-decade-long collaboration with Anna Vissi while some of his other well-known collaborations include Tolis Voskopoulos and Sakis Rouvas. Karvelas has released multiple personal studio albums that have had mild to big success.
Gaston La Touche. Gaston La Touche ( October 29 1854 Saint-Cloud Hauts-de-Seine – July 12 1913 ) was a French post-impressionist painter draughtsman and pastellist. He was elected member of Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts in 1890.
Lê Văn Hưu. Lê Văn Hưu ( 1230–1322 ) was an historian of the Trần Dynasty. He is best known for his work the Đại Việt sử ký the first comprehensive historical record of the history of Vietnam. Although the book was lost during the Fourth Chinese domination in Vietnam its contents including Lê Văn Hưu's comments on various events in the history of Vietnam were used by other Vietnamese historians as a base for their works notably the Đại Việt sử ký toàn thư by Ngô Sĩ Liên.
Michael Rogers ( blogger ) . Michael Rogers ( born November 12 1963 ) is Vice Chairman and Managing Director of Raw Story Media Inc. publishers of The Raw Story an American fundraiser blogger and gay rights activist in Washington D.C.. He is best known for his activity in outing closeted gay politicians who actively oppose equality for LGBT Americans.
Brian Setzer. Brian Robert Setzer ( born April 10 1959 ) is an American guitarist singer and songwriter. He first found widespread success in the early 1980s with the 1950s-style rockabilly revival group Stray Cats and revitalized his career in the late 1990s with his Swing revival band The Brian Setzer Orchestra.
Martin McKinnon. Martin Marty McKinnon ( born 5 July 1975 in Adelaide ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Adelaide Geelong and the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .McKinnon was recruited by Adelaide in the 1992 AFL Draft with their first ever national draft pick. He was the youngest player on Adelaide's list at the time and played for Central District in the SANFL when not appearing with Adelaide.
Elena Yakovishina. Elena Yakovishina ( born September 17 1992 in Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky Russia ) is an alpine skier from Russia. She competed for Russia at the 2014 Winter Olympics in the alpine skiing events.
Kazma ( wrestler ) . Kazma ( born October 1 1982 ) is a Japanese professional wrestler and manager best known for his work in World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) as Sakamoto. He originally started his career working for Kaientai Dojo in Japan where he became a one-time Strongest-K Champion and a three-time Strongest-K Tag Team Champion alongside Ryota Chikuzen Kengo Mashimo and Miyawaki. After his release from WWE he returned to Japan working as a freelancer for Kaientai Dojo Pro Wrestling Zero1 and Wrestle-1.
Aoife Murray. Aoife Murray ( born 1984 in Dunmanway ) is a camogie player and quantity surveyor based in Cork winner of All Ireland medals in 2005 2006 2008 and 2009. All Star awards in 2004 2006 and 2009 minor Junior Intermediate as well as her Senior All-Ireland medals and Munster championship honours in all grades. Won three county Senior championship medals with Cloughduv and was captain in 2005 for their third county title.
Dragan Stojisavljević. Dragan Stojisavljević ( Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Стојисављевић; born 6 January 1974 ) is a former Serbian footballer who played as a winger.
Hubert Hilti. Hubert Hilti ( born 5 December 1963 ) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
Kevin Landolt. Kevin Joseph Landolt ( born October 25 1975 ) is an American football Defensive Tackle in the National Football League. Landolt was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the 1999 NFL Draft with the 121st pick overall. He is currently a free agent. Landolt attended and played football at the West Virginia University.
Guillaume Boronad. Guillaume Boronad ( born 5 May 1979 in Perpignan ) is a French professional football player. Currently he plays in the Championnat de France amateur for Sporting Toulon Var.He played on the professional level in Ligue 2 for Sporting Perpignan Roussillon and FC Rouen and in the Portuguese Liga for F.C. Penafiel. in 2009 after reports claimed he had signed for Leeds United Leeds denied reports claiming they had never heard of the player.
Yaniv Azran. Yaniv Azran ( Hebrew: יניב עזרן‎ born 12 May 1983 ) is a retired Israeli footballer.
Ruben Sanadi. Ruben Karel Sanadi ( born on January 8 1987 in Biak Indonesia ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persipura Jayapura in the Indonesia Super League.
Colin Turkington. Colin Henry Turkington ( born 21 March 1982 in Portadown County Armagh ) is a Northern Irish auto racing driver. His most notable success to date was becoming 2009 British Touring Car Champion driving for Team RAC. Since then he has competed in the World Touring Car Championship driving a BMW 320si for West Surrey Racing ( WSR ) . Turkington also competed in the inaugural Scandinavian Touring Car Championship ( STCC ) driving a BMW for Flash Engineering.
Tomoyasu Hirose. Tomoyasu Hirose ( 廣瀬 智靖 Hirose Tomoyasu born 11 September 1989 in Saitama ) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Montedio Yamagata.
Adrian Randall. Adrian John Randall ( born 10 November 1968 in Amesbury England ) is an English former footballer.Adrian became York City's most expensive signing when they paid £140000 to sign the midfielder from BurnleyAdrian is currently working for Farnborough F.C alongside Chris Palmer coaching the youth side in preparation for the 2008/9 season
Thomas Albanese. Thomas Albanese ( born 15 April 1988 ) is an Italian footballer.
Tom Longboat. Cogwagee ( Thomas Charles Longboat ) ( June 4 1887 – January 9 1949 ) was an Onondaga distance runner from the Six Nations of the Grand River First Nation Indian reserve near Brantford Ontario and for much of his career the dominant long distance runner of the time. When he was a child a Mohawk resident of the reserve Bill Davis who in 1901 finished second in the Boston Marathon interested him in running races.
Dick the Bruiser. William Fritz Afflis ( June 27 1929 – November 10 1991 ) was an American professional wrestler and football player better known by his ring name Dick the Bruiser.
Valeri Kharlamov. Valeri Borisovich Kharlamov ( Russian: Валерий Борисович Харламов IPA: [xɐrˈlaməf]; 14 January 1948 – 27 August 1981 ) was an ice hockey forward who played for CSKA Moscow in the Soviet League from 1967 until 1981. Kharlamov was widely considered one of the best players of his era despite never playing in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . Although small in stature Kharlamov was speedy intelligent and skilled.
Sébastien Wüthrich. Sébastien Wüthrich ( born 29 May 1990 in Neuchâtel ) is a Swiss footballer who plays for FC St. Gallen on loan from FC Sion in the Swiss Super League. He is a full international for Switzerland under-21.
Vasile Ghindaru. Vasile Ghindaru ( born 9 May 1978 ) is a Romanian football player. He plays as a Defensive midfielder.
Larry Gilmour. Charles John Larry Gilmour ( October 10 1881 – April 15 1922 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player in the early 1900s. He was a member of the 1908 Stanley Cup champion Montreal Wanderers.
Augustus Porter. Augustus S. Porter ( January 18 1769 – June 10 1849 ) was an American businessman judge farmer and politician who served as an Assemblyman for the state of New York.
Jack Masters. John Gerald ( Jack ) Masters ( born September 27 1931 ) is a former Canadian politician. He served as mayor of the city of Thunder Bay Ontario and as a federal Member of Parliament.
Sayed Abdul Ghafar Sayed Zadah. Lieutenant General Sayed Abdul Ghafar Sayed zadah General Sayed Abdul Ghafar SayedzadaPHOTO سيد عبدالغفار سيدزاده ( born September 10 1956 ) is an Afghan Lieutenant general who is known as police foster throughout Afghanistan He served more than 30 years in police duty around Afghanistan; currently he is serving as General Chief of Herat police headquarters.After graduation from high school he joined the police academy in Kabul City ( اكادمي پوليس ) .
Bhalchandra Yadava. Bhalchandra Yadava ( born 1 July 1958 ) is an Indian politician for the Khalilabad ( Lok Sabha constituency ) in Uttar Pradesh.
T.W. Shannon. Tahrohon Wayne Shannon ( born February 24 1978 ) is a United States politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma. Shannon currently serves in the Oklahoma House of Representatives and recently stepped down as the Speaker of the House to run for the Republican nomination in the special senate election to succeed U.S.
Jim Ananich. James Ananich or Jim Ananich is a politician from the State of Michigan. He is a Democratic Party member of the Michigan State Senate representing the 27th District which is located in Genesee County and includes part of the city of Flint.
Oskar Potiorek. Oskar Potiorek ( 20 November 1853 – 17 December 1933 ) was an officer of the Austro-Hungarian Army who served as Governor of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 1911 to 1914. He was a co-passenger in the car carrying Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria and his wife Duchess Sophie of Hohenberg when they were assassinated in Sarajevo on 28 June 1914. In the following World War I Potiorek commanded the Austro-Hungarian forces in the Serbian Campaign of 1914/15.
Jim Scheer. Jim Scheer ( born September 19 1953 in Norfolk Nebraska ) is an American politician and is a Nebraska state senator in the unicameral Nebraska Legislature representing District 19; the legislature itself is non-partisan.
Ijyaraj Singh. Ijyaraj Singh or his highness Maharao Kunvar Ijyaraj Singh is a member of parliament representing the Kota constituency in the Lok Sabha. He is the former maharaj kumar ( prince ) of the erstwhile state of Kotah and a member of the Kota royal family. Singh contested and won his seat in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections on the ticket of the Indian National Congress defeating Shyam Sharma of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Jan Helenus Ferguson. Jan Helenus Ferguson ( 19 May 1826 – 13 April 1908 ) was a Dutch colonial government official and diplomat who made a career in the administration of the Dutch West Indies and the Dutch Gold Coast before becoming consul general of the Netherlands to China. Ferguson also authored several works on international law sociology and philosophy.
Vijay Eswaran. Vijay Eswaran ( born 7 October 1960 ) is a Malaysian businessman currently serving as the Executive Chairman of the QI Group headquartered in Hong Kong. He is also an author.
Charles B. Mitchel. Charles Burton Mitchel ( September 19 1815 – September 20 1864 ) was a Democratic Party politician from Arkansas who represented the state in the U.S. Senate in 1861 and in the Confederate States Senate from 1861 until his death.
John Flerlage. John Flerlage ( born 1958 ) is a retired U.S. Marine Corps Lieutenant Colonel and the former Democratic nominee for U.S. House of Representatives in Colorado's 6th congressional district. He is currently a Boeing 767 captain flying international routes for Delta Air Lines. Flerlage is a member of the Air Line Pilots Association International Veterans of Foreign Wars and the Chamber of Commerce.
Lino Sima Ekua Avomo. Lino Sima Ekua Avomo ( born 4 April 1957 in Mongomo Equatorial Guinea ) is the Permanent Representative of Equatorial Guinea to the United Nations. He presented his credentials to Secretary-General Kofi Annan on 21 May 2003.
Daniel Turp. Daniel Turp ( born April 30 1955 ) is a professor of constitutional and international law at the Universite de Montreal Canada. He served as a Bloc Québécois Member of Parliament ( 1997–2000 ) and as a Parti Québécois member of the Quebec National Assembly ( 2003–2008 ) .
Aliyu Doma. Aliyu Akwe Doma ( born 1 September 1942 ) is a Nigerian civil servant who became governor of Nasarawa State in May 2007 standing for the People's Democratic Party ( PDP ) .
Frank G. Wisner. Frank George Wisner II ( born July 2 1938 ) is an American businessman and former diplomat. He is the son of Frank Wisner ( 1909–1965 ) . On January 31 2011 he was sent to Egypt by President Barack Obama to negotiate a resolution to the popular protests against the regime that have swept the country. A White House spokesman said that Wisner had vast experience in the region as well as close relationships with many Egyptians in and out of government.
Daniel Joseph Ryan. Daniel Joseph Ryan is an American politician to the Massachusetts House of Representatives. He is a Democrat from Boston Massachusetts who was sworn in April 16 2014 to represent the 2nd Suffolk seat. He won the March 4 primary and the April 1 special election called after the resignation of Eugene O'Flaherty.
Matthew Birchard. Matthew Birchard ( January 19 1804–June 16 1876 ) was a judge in the U.S. State of Ohio who was an Ohio Supreme Court Judge 1842-1849.Matthew Birchard was born in Becket Massachusetts and came to Trumbull County Ohio near Warren at age eight.
María Antonieta de Bográn. María Antonieta de Bográn ( born 13 July 1955 ) is the former 1st Vice President of Honduras. She was one of the three candidates for Vice President of Honduras with the National Party in the 2009 Honduran elections and also served as that party's national chairperson during those elections. President-elect Porfirio Lobo Sosa won the election with approximately 55% of the vote.
Wedell-Williams XP-34. The Wedell-Williams XP-34 was a fighter aircraft design submitted to the United States Army Air Corps ( USAAC ) before World War II by Marguerite Clark Williams widow of millionaire Harry P. Williams former owner and co-founder of the Wedell-Williams Air Service Corporation.
USS Springfield ( CL-66 ) . USS Springfield ( CL-66/CLG-7/CG-7 ) was one of 27 Cleveland-class light cruisers built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was the third US Navy ship to be named after Springfield Illinois. Commissioned in 1944 she served briefly in the Atlantic before transferring to the Pacific. There she served with fast carrier task forces primarily in an anti-aircraft role but also in a shore bombardment role in the last stages of the Pacific War.
USRC Argus. USRC Argus was one of the first ten cutters operated by the United States' Revenue Cutter Service ( later to become the US Coast Guard ) . Of the ten cutters she was the longest to serve in this role.
Rover 200 / 25. The Rover 200 Series and later the Rover 25 are a series of compact cars produced under the British marque Rover from 1984 to 2005.There have been three distinct generations of the Rover 200. The first generation was a four-door saloon car based on the Honda Ballade. The second generation was available in three or five-door hatchback forms as well a coupé and cabriolet ( in relatively small numbers ) .
HMS E35. HMS E35 was a British E class submarine built by John Brown Clydebank. She was laid down on 20 May 1916 and was commissioned on 14 July 1917.
Alvis Firebird. The Alvis Firebird was a British touring car made between 1935 and 1939 by Alvis Ltd in Coventry. Developed from the Alvis Firefly 449 Firebirds were produced as a two-door Tourer a 2+2 sports tourer a two-door drophead Coupé and a four-door Saloon.Powered by an 1842 cc 4-cylinder overhead-valve Alvis engine it had an aluminium body on an ash wood frame.
Wright Commander. The Wright Commander is a low-floor single-deck bus body built by Wright on DAF/VDL SB200 chassis.
USS Cybele ( AKS-10 ) . USS Cybele ( AKS-10 ) was an Acubens-class general stores issue ship commissioned by the U.S. Navy for service in World War II. She was responsible for delivering and disbursing goods and equipment to locations in the Pacific war zone. Cybele ( AKS-10 ) was launched as SS William Hackett 9 October 1944 by Delta Shipbuilding Co. New Orleans Louisiana under a Maritime Commission contract; sponsored by Mrs. H.
GWR Ariadne Class. The Great Western Railway ( GWR ) Ariadne Class and Caliph Class were broad gauge 0-6-0 steam locomotives designed for goods train work by Daniel Gooch and are often referred to as his Standard Goods locomotives.The class was introduced into service between May 1852 and March 1863 and were built in seven lots at Swindon totalling 102 locomotives and withdrawn between January 1871 and the end of the GWR broad gauge in May 1892.
Suzuki GSX-R250. The Suzuki GSX-R250 is a motorcycle that was manufactured from 1987 to 1994 by Suzuki. A couple of years after the presentation of the GSX-R750 the 250 cc GSX-R250 was released. Like the larger bike the GSX-R250 had a box-frame ( steel not aluminum ) full fairing Full-floater rear swing and a four-cylinder four-stroke engine. But while the GSX-R750 engine was air and oil-cooled the baby brother had a liquid-cooled engine. Not many examples are seen outside Japan.
South African Class 8E. The South African Class 8E of 1983 is a South African electric locomotive from the South African Railways era.Between 1983 and 1985 the South African Railways placed one hundred Class 8E centre-cab electric locomotives with a Bo-Bo wheel arrangement in shunting service. Seven more were built for the mining industry.
Ross-Johnson RJ-5. The Ross-Johnson RJ-5 is a single seat competition glider that was designed by Harland Ross and constructed partially by Ross and finished by Dick Johnson. The RJ-5 became one of the most famous gliders ever built when Johnson flew it 535 mi ( 861 km ) in 1951 setting a new world distance record that endured for 13 years.
Essex-class ship of the line. The Essex-class ships of the line were a class of two 64-gun third rates designed for the Royal Navy by Sir Thomas Slade.
Carmarthen and Cardigan Railway. The Carmarthen and Cardigan Railway was a 7 ft 1⁄4 in ( 2140 mm ) broad gauge railway from Carmarthen Carmarthenshire to Newcastle Emlyn Wales. Part of the route is now used by the Teifi Valley Railway and the Gwili Railway.Despite the name the line never reached Cardigan. Instead that was achieved by the Whitland & Cardigan Railway which took a more westerly route and became a branch of the Great Western Railway
R188 ( New York City Subway car ) . The R188 is an A Division car for the New York City Subway. The MTA is displacing the R62As from the 7 <7> services with these cars and to automate the IRT Flushing Line.
Curtiss Model 41 Lark. The Curtiss Model 41 Lark was a commercial biplane manufactured by Curtiss Aeroplane and Motor Company that was used by pioneering airmail airline and bush pilots in the 1920s.
MV Tenaka. The MV Tenaka is a ferry owned by BC Ferries. She was built for BC's Ministry of Transportation and Highways in 1964 in Victoria BC by the Victoria Machinery Depot. Originally named the Comox Queen she was renamed Tenaka in 1977 and became part of BC Ferries' fleet in 1985 when the Ministry of Transportation's saltwater ferries and routes were transferred to BC Ferries.The Tenaka is a single ended ferry that carries 30 cars and 150 passengers.
SM UB-36. SM UB-36 was a German Type UB II submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy ( German: Kaiserliche Marine ) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 22 July 1915 and launched on 15 January 1916. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 22 May 1916 as SM UB-36.The submarine sank seven ships in 12 patrols. UB-36 was rammed and presumably sunk by French steamer SS Molière off Ushant in the English Channel on 27 May 1918.
Opel Mokka. The Opel Mokka is a subcompact SUV manufactured and marketed by Opel that debuted at the 2012 Geneva Motor Show.Engineered by Opel in Rüsselsheim Germany and manufactured in Bupyeong South Korea The Mokka is marketed also as the Vauxhall Mokka in the United Kingdom and as the Buick Encore in North America and China.
HMS Australia ( 1886 ) . HMS Australia was one of seven Orlando-class armoured cruisers built for the Royal Navy in the mid-1880s. She was assigned to the Mediterranean Fleet in 1889 and remained there until 1893 when she returned home. The ship was assigned to the Coast Guard Squadron for the next decade before she was placed in reserve in 1903. Australia was sold for scrap in 1905.
Barber-Mulligan Farm. Barber-Mulligan Farm is a historic farm located at Avon in Livingston County New York. The nearly 640-acre ( 260 ha ) farm includes a number of original buildings as well as many improvements. The most important cluster is the central farm complex which includes the main house a carriage house horse barn and corn crib all built in 1852 by Aaron Barber. The house is an example of late Greek Revival architecture. Not far from the main house is a cobblestone tenant house built c.
Danat Al Emarat Women & Children’s Hospital. Danat Al Emarat hospital is a future hospital for women and children in Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates. With a completion date of 2011 it will have 170 beds upon opening with a maximum capacity of 260 beds. The projected cost for the hospital is $250 million. If completed the hospital would be the first in the United Arab Emirates to be controlled by an international company United Eastern Medical Services ( UEM ) .
East Hills Shopping Center. East Hills Shopping Center was an outdoor shopping mall in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Opened in 1960 the center lost most of its major stores in the late 1970s and underwent several failed attempts at renovation.
First Baptist Church-Lexington. First Baptist Church-Lexington originally known as Lexington African Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church building located at Lexington Virginia. It was built between 1894 and 1896 and is a large brick church on a limestone basement in the Gothic Revival style. It has a front gable roof round and lancet-arch stained glass windows and towers at its two front corners. The right hand tower has a belfry and spire.
Uniontown Mall. Uniontown Mall is a regional enclosed shopping mall in South Union Township Fayette County Pennsylvania ( just outside of the city of Uniontown Pennsylvania ) . It is anchored by Sears Bon-Ton Burlington Coat Factory J.C. Penney and other specialty stores; although it does not contain a food court.
Forest Road Primitive Methodist Church. Forest Road Primitive Methodist church was built on Forest Road in Nottingham in 1874.
Orndoff-Cross House. Orndoff-Cross House also known as the Henry Orndoff House is a historic home located at Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built about 1796 and consists of a log house with additions. The earliest addition dates from about 1830 and the latest from the 1990s. It is a two story vernacular residence topped by a standing seam metal side gable roof. Also on the property is a meat-hanging shed of log construction ( c.
Regatta Hotel. The Regatta Hotel is a heritage-listed hotel located on the corner of Coronation Drive and Sylvan Road in Brisbane Australia. It is located in the suburb of Toowong and faces the Brisbane River. The three-storey hotel contained accommodation on the upper two floors and a public bar and lounge area on the ground floor.
Lisbon Opera House. The Lisbon Opera House on Main Avenue in Lisbon North Dakota was built in 1889. It has also been known as the J.C.
Manécanterie Lyon. The Manécanterie ( English: Parish choir school ) is an ancient memorial situated in Lyon in Saint Jean district in the 5th arrondissement of Lyon. It is placed side by side to the south southwest of the cathedral Saint Jean and is a part of the former convent of the cathedral. This small Romanesque building served first as dining hall to the canons of Saint Jean before becoming a parish choir school namely a school for the singing of the clergy.
Lefferts Historic House. The Lefferts Historic House located within Brooklyn's Prospect Park is the former home of Continental Army Lieutenant Pieter Lefferts built circa 1783. It currently operates as a museum of family life in Brooklyn in the 1820s. The museum is part of the Historic House Trust owned by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation and operated by the Prospect Park Alliance. It is a City Landmark.
The Lawn ( Nokesville Virginia ) . The Lawn is a historic home and national historic district located near Nokesville Prince William County Virginia. The main house was built in 1926 to replace the original Gothic Revival style dwelling that burned in a fire in 1921. It is a two-story three-bay Tudor Revival style stuccoed dwelling. The house features half-timber framing and a complex cross gable roof. Attached to the house is a brick kitchen wing that survived from the original house.
F. G. Williams House. The F. G. Williams House is a historic house at 37 Albion Street in Somerville Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1860 for Frank G. Williams a dealer in kitchen furnishings and is one of the city's best examples of a center-gable Italianate house.
Hotel Fürstenhof ( Berlin ) . Hotel Fürstenhof was a hotel facing both Leipziger Platz and Potsdamer Platz in Berlin Germany. It was designed by architects Richard Bielenberg and Josef Moser and opened in 1907. On 22 November 1943 the hotel was destroyed during a raid on Berlin; the ruins were completely demolished in the 1950s.The architecture had elements of Art Nouveau the onset of Modernism and the neo-baroque.
Islamic Museum of Tripoli. The Islamic Museum of Tripoli is a museum of Islamic culture that has been being built under the support and patronage of Saif al-Islam Gaddafi in Tripoli Libya.
Jefferson School ( Clifton Forge Virginia ) . Jefferson School also known as East Elementary and Clifton Forge Elementary East is a historic school building located at Clifton Forge Alleghany County Virginia. It was built in 1926 as a rectangular two-story building is clad in running-bond brick in the Colonial Revival style. It sits on a raised concrete foundation and has ribbons of small-paned double-hung windows and a recessed front entrance. A two-story rectangular addition was built in 1952.
AutoWorld ( museum ) . AutoWorld is a vintage car museum in the center of Brussels Belgium located in the southern hall of the Cinquantenaire Park.It holds a large and varied collection of 350 vintage European and American automobiles from the late 19th century until the seventies. Including Minervas such models as a 1928 Bentley a 1930 Bugatti and a 1930 Cord and several limousines which belonged to the Belgian royal family.It is unrelated to the failed amusement park AutoWorld in Flint Michigan.
Murry Site. Murry Site is a historic archaeological site located at Manor Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It is the site of a large stockaded Shenks Ferry village. It was excavated in 1967 and identified as having been inhabited for 10 years sometime between 1450 and 1550. They identified 46 burials.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Tabernacle Chapel Morriston. The Tabernacle Chapel ( Capel y Tabernacl in Welsh ) also known as Libanus Chapel is a Grade I listed chapel on Woodfield Street in Morriston Wales.Designed by the architect John Humphrey and built at a cost of £15000 in 1872 the chapel has seating for 3000 and has been called the Nonconformist Cathedral of Wales.The design was copied many times elsewhere in Wales. The pulpit is the focus and below this is the Sedd Fawr ( big seat ) for the deacons.
Thomas Scott House ( Gloster Louisiana ) . Thomas Scott House in Gloster Louisiana is a Greek Revival house from 1858. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Duruitoarea River. The Duruitoarea River is a tributary of the Camenca River in Romania.
Mount Jackson ( New Hampshire ) . Mount Jackson is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is named after Charles Thomas Jackson New Hampshire's state geologist in the 19th century and is part of the Presidential Range of the White Mountains. Mount.
Anaweka River. The Anaweka River is small river in a remote area of the Tasman District of New Zealand. Its source is on the slopes of Mount White in the Wakamarama Range. The river flows to the Tasman Sea the mouth being about 3km south of the southern end of the road from Farewell Spit and Collingwood.
Oseosan. Oseosan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 791 metres.
Lago Nero ( Bergamo ) . Lago Nero is a lake in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy. At an elevation of 2014 m its surface area is 0.16 km².
River Hull. The River Hull is a navigable river in the East Riding of Yorkshire in the north of England. It rises from a series of springs to the west of Driffield and enters the Humber estuary at Kingston upon Hull. Following a period when the Archbishops of York charged tolls for its use it became a free navigation.
Călmuș River. The Călmuș River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania.
Gazivoda Lake. Gazivoda Lake or Ujman Lake ( Albanian: Liqeni i Ujmanit Serbian: Газивода ) is an artificial lake in Kosovo and Serbia. It is the largest lake in Kosovo. Gazivoda Lake has an area of 11.9 km2 ( 4.6 sq mi ) of which 9.2 km2 ( 3.6 sq mi ) belong to Kosovo and 2.7 km2 ( 1.0 sq mi ) belong to Central Serbia. The lake is formed by the damming of the Ibar River which flows into the lake.
Raduha ( mountain ) . Raduha is a mountain in the eastern part of Kamnik–Savinja Alps in northern Slovenia. It is separated from its main group by the gorge of the Savinja. It has relatively flat top in the northeast–southwest direction with the lower peaks Jelovec ( 1845 metres or 6053 feet ) Lanež ( 1925 m or 6316 ft ) Mala Raduha ( 2029 m or 6657 ft ) and the highest peak Velika Raduha ( 2062 m or 6765 ft ) .There is a hut named Loka Below Raduha Hut ( Slovene: Koča na Loki pod Raduho; 1534 m or 5033 ft ) .
Tomnatecu River ( Bârnaru ) . The Tomnatecu River is a tributary of the Bârnaru River in Romania.
Østensjøvannet. Østensjøvannet is a lake in Oslo capital of Norway. It is well known for the wide variety of birds and other wildlife that can be found there. It is surrounded by the Østensjø borough. It is currently a wildlife preserve though urban development posed a serious threat to the lake and its environs during the 1980s and early 1990s.
Kaibuskong River. The Kaibuskong River is a small river in Nipissing District in northeastern Ontario Canada that runs south through the Township of Bonfield from its source at Lake Nosbonsing. The river flows over a small dam just north of its source then through two small lakes La Chappelle Lake and Sheedy Lake before emptying into Kaibuskong Bay on Lake Talon from which it flows as part of the Mattawa River system to the Ottawa River.
Paria River. The Paria River /pəˈriːə/ is a tributary of the Colorado River approximately 95 miles ( 153 km ) long in southern Utah and northern Arizona in the United States. It drains a rugged and arid region northwest of the Colorado flowing through roadless slot canyons along part of its course.
River Greet. The River Greet is a small river in Nottinghamshire England. Rising close to the village of Kirklington the Greet flows in a southeasterly direction past Southwell and Rolleston to meet the River Trent at Fiskerton.
Tall Asur. Tall Asur ( in Arabic Hebrew: הר בעל חצור‎ Baal-Hazor ) is a hill and one of the highest points of the Judaean Mountains in the West Bank with an altitude of 1016 metres ( 3333 ft ) . It is thought to be the site where Abraham was shown the land and Lot chose to go to Sodom. It has two peaks one of them is an Israeli military base.
The Sawtooth. The Sawtooth is a jagged arête joining Mount Bierstadt to ( eventually ) Mount Evans in the Front Range of central Colorado. The three points along this arête resemble the teeth of a saw leading to its name. The southeast wall of the arête is the head of the cirque above Abyss Lake while its northwest wall is the cirque at the head of a valley above Guanella Pass.
Angove River. Angove River or Angove Creek is a river located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia most of the river is found within Two Peoples Bay Nature Reserve. The stream was discovered in 1898 by surveyor William Angove and was named in 1913 after its discoverer by another surveyor BW Ridley.The water is of excellent quality and is considered as fresh potable water. Only 5% of the catchment area has been cleared mostly in the very upper reaches and around the lake.
Cerna River ( Crasna ) . The Cerna River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
Mont Yamaska. Mont Yamaska is part of the Monteregian Hills in southern Quebec. Its summit stands 411 m ( 1348 ft ) above sea level. This mountain is largely covered with deciduous forest dominated by sugar maple. Some apple orchards are raised on lower slopes.
Sierra de Alcaraz. The Sierra de Alcaraz is a mountain range of the Cordillera Prebética located in Albacete Province southeast Spain. Its highest peak is the Pico Almenara with an altitude of 1796 m.
Shirvan Shahlu. Shirvan Shahlu ( Persian: شيروان شاهلو‎ also Romanized as Shīrvān Shāhlū; also known as Shīravān Shāmnū ) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 35 families.
Chayly. Chayly is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
Gavdar. Gavdar ( Persian: گاودار‎ also Romanized as Gāvdār ) is a village in Liravi-ye Jonubi Rural District Imam Hassan District Deylam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 14 families.
Piskarki. Piskarki [pisˈkarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 135.
Gustawów Gmina Fałków. Gustawów [ɡusˈtavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) south-west of Fałków 33 km ( 21 mi ) south-west of Końskie and 50 km ( 31 mi ) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 160.
Aliabad-e Avval. Aliabad-e Avval ( Persian: علي اباداول‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Avval; also known as ‘Alīābād and ‘Alīābād-e ‘Olyā ) is a village in Gowdin Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 69 families.
Yaylapınar Bayburt. Yaylapınar is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 367 people.
Tazehabad-e Marivani. Tazehabad-e Marivani ( Persian: تازه ابادمريواني‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Marīvānī ) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
Nayjuk. Nayjuk ( Persian: نايجوك‎ also Romanized as Nāyjūk and Nayjook; also known as Nahīn and Nājiūk ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 333 in 89 families.
Jarząbkowice Silesian Voivodeship. Jarząbkowice [jaʐɔmpkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowice within Pszczyna County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres ( 4 mi ) south of Pawłowice 20 km ( 12 mi ) south-west of Pszczyna and 44 km ( 27 mi ) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 627.
Malgammana. Malgammana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
Stary Budzisław. Stary Budzisław [ˈstarɨ buˈd͡ʑiswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Mały within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
Grzymalin. Grzymalin [ɡʐɨˈmalin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres ( 2 mi ) north-east of Miłkowice 9 kilometres ( 6 mi ) north-west of Legnica and 68 kilometres ( 42 mi ) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Dąbrowa Milicz County. Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 3 kilometres ( 2 mi ) north of Krośnice 8 km ( 5 mi ) south-east of Milicz and 47 km ( 29 mi ) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
Smólsko Małe. Smólsko Małe [ˈsmulskɔ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres ( 5 mi ) south-east of Biłgoraj and 86 km ( 53 mi ) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 176.
Cheshmeh-ye Yahya. Cheshmeh-ye Yahya ( Persian: چشمه يحيي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Yaḥya ) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
Bandholi. Bandholi ( बन्धोली ) is a village in Gwalior district situated at a distance of 6 km from Murar on Gwalior-Behat road.
Ballé Mali. Ballé is a village and seat of the commune of Dogofry in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.
Arıkaya Kozluk. Arıkaya is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 677 people.
Ilandža. Ilandža ( Serbian Cyrillic: Иланџа ) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Alibunar municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population is 1727 ( 2002 census ) .
Halaiba. Halaiba is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
Americardia media. Americardia media common name the Atlantic strawberry cockle is a species of saltwater clam a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae the cockles. This species can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America from Cape Hatteras to the West Indies.
Stereoplasmoceratidae. Stereoplasmoceratidae is an extinct family of actively mobile aquatic carnivorous cephalopods belonging to the subclass Nautiloidea endemic to what would be Asia during the Ordovician living from 490—457.5 mya existing for approximately 32.5 million years.
Thais kiosquiformis. Thais kiosquiformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
Sphaenothecus picticornis. Sphaenothecus picticornis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1880.
Faronta. Faronta was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered a synonym of Dargida
Eriostepta sanguinea. Eriostepta sanguinea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by British entomologist George Hampson in 1905 originally under the genus Araeomolis; Hervé de Toulgoët transferred it to Eriostepta in 1993. It is found in French Guyana Guyana Amazonas and Peru.
Chryseofusus. Chryseofusus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.Originally a subgenus of Fusinus Chryseofusus was raised to the rank of genus by Callomon & Snyder 2009
Batrachedra libator. Batrachedra libator is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It is found in Florida.
Scopula calotis. Scopula calotis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico.
Acraea terpsicore. The Tawny Coster ( Acraea terpsicore ) is a small leathery winged butterfly which is common in grassland and scrub habitats. It belongs to the Nymphalidae or brush-footed butterfly family. It has a weak fluttery flight. It is avoided by most insect predators. This species and the Yellow Coster Acraea issoria are the only two Indian representatives of the predominantly African tribe Acraeini.
Neodontobutis. Neodontobutis is a genus of freshwater sleepers native to eastern Asia.
Lesser small-toothed rat. The Lesser Small-toothed Rat or Western Small-Toothed Rat ( Macruromys elegans ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in West Papua Indonesia.
Neoscona punctigera. Neoscona adianta is a species of spider found in Asia that hunts at night. N. adianta builds spiral shaped webs and may lure prey with awe-inspiring spots on its abdomen.
Periphanes. Periphanes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Thalassotrechus. Thalassotrechus barbarae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Thalassotrechus.
Junonia hierta. The Yellow Pansy ( Junonia hierta ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in the Palaeotropics. It is usually seen in open scrub and grassland habitats.
Triplespine deepwater cardinalfish. The triplespine deepwater cardinalfish Sphyraenops bairdianus is a species of deepwater cardinalfish of probably cosmopolitan distribution at depths from 200 to 1750 m ( 660 to 5740 ft ) . This species is the only known member of its genus.
Eupalamides guyanensis. Eupalamides guyanensis is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is widely distributed in northern South America from Venezuela to Guyana Colombia and Brazil ( Para ) .The wingspan is 150-180 mm. Adults are dark brown with an olive-green hue. There is a creamy band on the forewing running from the costal margin to the inner angle. There are also five to six creamy spots forming a semicircular band at the apical region.
Turkey moray. The turkey moray Gymnothorax meleagris is a moray eel of the family Muraenidae found in the Indo-Pacific oceans at depths down to 36 m. Its length is up to 1.2 m. They live in holes in the reef to quickly emerge to grasp passing fish by surprise attack. They sense prey by detecting smell through the water.
Utricularia simulans. Utricularia simulans the fringed bladderwort is a small to medium-sized probably perennial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia. U. simulans is native to tropical Africa and the Americas. It grows as a terrestrial plant in damp sandy soils in open savanna at altitudes from near sea level to 1575 m ( 5167 ft ) . U. simulans was originally described and published by Robert Knud Friedrich Pilger in 1914.
Carex sparganioides. Bur-reed sedge ( Carex sparganioides ) is a perennial plant belonging to the sedge family ( Cyperaceae ) . Its native range includes most of the Eastern and Central U.S. and it is typically found in hardwood or mixed forests. It typically grows 30–100 centimeters ( 12–39 in ) high and contains teardrop-shaped seed sacs within egg-shaped spikelets.Carex sparganioides is considered endangered in Maine and New Hampshire. Good for soil stabilization on shaded slopes.
Salvadora oleiodes. Salvadora oleiodes is a small bushy evergreen tree found in India and Pakistan and southern Iran. In Iran it is called Tuch ( توچ ) . Common names in Indian subcontinent include Vann ون/ਵਣ ( Punjabi ) जाल/पीलू ( Hindi ) and ( Sindhi: ڄار ) in Saraiki language in Saraiki Wasib called jall جال Pakistan.
Cyrtandra cleopatrae. Cyrtandra cleopatrae is a species of plant in the Gesneriaceae family endemic to the Philippines. It is a tropical shrub having recaulescent inflorescences composed of multiple purpled flowers that emerge on the plant stem from stubby shoots. It was first collected for science during a 1998 expedition sponsored by the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh from a location in Palawan called Cleopatra's Needle ( elev. 1550m ) thus the specific epithet cleopatrae.
Nectandra matogrossensis. Nectandra matogrossensis is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
Azara serrata. Azara serrata ( saw-toothed azara ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Salicaceae native to Chile. It is an evergreen shrub growing to 4m ( 12ft ) with glossy serrated leaves and clusters of scented yellow flowers in summer. In temperate regions it requires a sheltered position.This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Vitis popenoei. Vitis popenoei commonly called the totoloche or totoloche grape is a New World species of liana in the grape family native to Belize Mexico ( Chiapas Hidalgo Oaxaca Puebla Tabasco Veracruz and eastern Querétaro ) and north-central Guatemala ( Alta Verapaz ) .
Aechmea subg. Lamprococcus. Lamprococcus is a subgenus of the genus Aechmea.
Bartramia pomiformis. Bartramia pomiformis ( Apple moss ) is a species of moss in the Bartramiaceae family. It is typically green or glaucous in hue although sometimes it can appear yellowish. The stems extend from a half cm to 8 cm with narrowly lanceolate to linear-lanceolate leaves.
Doryopteris angelica. Doryopteris angelica is a rare fern species known by the common name Kauai digit fern. It is endemic to Hawaii where only small populations are known.The ferns grow on slopes in Hawaiian tropical rainforests habitat and have been found only on the island of Kauaʻi. It was federally listed as an endangered species in 2010.
Cupressus abramsiana. Cupressus abramsiana ( Santa Cruz Cypress ) is a cypress taxon of disputed status placed in either the genus Cupressus or else Xanthocyparis. It is endemic to the Santa Cruz Mountains of Santa Cruz and San Mateo Counties in west-central California.When cypresses were discovered in the Santa Cruz Mountains in 1881 they were first identified as Cupressus goveniana but Jepson ( 1909 ) considered them to be Cupressus sargentii.
Edmundoa. Edmundoa is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae subfamily Bromelioideae. The genus is named for Edmundo Pereira Brazilian botanist ( 1914–1986 ) and has only recently been recognized as an independent genus grouped earlier with Canistrum.
Vangueriopsis gossweileri. Vangueriopsis gossweileri is a species of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. It occurs in West-Central Tropical Africa ( Cabinda Province Equatorial Guinea and Gabon ) .
Sageretia. Sageretia ( Sageretia or Mock Buckthorn ) is a genus of about 35 species of shrubs and small trees in the family Rhamnaceae native to southern and eastern Asia and northeast Africa. They have small green leaves 1.5–4 cm long and a leathery multicoloured trunk.
Luma chequen. Luma chequen ( White Chilean Myrtle ) is a species of flowering plant in the genus Luma in the family Myrtaceae native to the central Andes mountains between Chile and Argentina at latitudes located 30 to 41º South. Synonyms include Eugenia chequen Molina Myrtus chequen ( Molina ) Spreng. and Luma gayana ( Barn. ) Burret. Common names in Spanish include Chequén Huillipeta and Arrayán Blanco ( White Myrtle ) .
Coelandria smillieae. Coelandria smillieae commonly known as the Bottlebrush Orchid is found in Queensland Australia from some of the Torres Strait Islands though Cape York Peninsula to Townsville in the south at altitudes of 500-700 metres. It is also found in New Guinea and Indonesia.
Bactris longiseta. The Huiscoyol ( Bactris longiseta ) is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found only in Costa Rica.It is threatened by habitat loss.
Euphorbia decaryi. Euphorbia decaryi is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.Euphorbia decaryi is a spreading evergreen plant under 6 in height and blooming April-June. Flowers are chartreuse yellow-green yellow or red; female flowers carry a three-part pistil over a three-part ovary producing three or sometimes more seeds.
Navarretia heterodoxa. Navarretia heterodoxa is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Calistoga pincushionplant. It is endemic to the San Francisco Bay Area in California where it grows in the serpentine soils of the hills and mountains. It is a hairy annual herb producing a slender stem up to about 24 centimeters long. It is glandular and emits a skunky scent. The leaves are divided into threadlike or needlelike lobes.
Viburnum lantana. Viburnum lantana ( Wayfaring Tree ) is a species of Viburnum native to central southern and western Europe ( north to Yorkshire in England ) northwest Africa and southwestern Asia. The vigorous deciduous European treelike shrub is common along waysides.It is a deciduous shrub or small tree growing to 4–5 m tall. The leaves are opposite simple oval to lanceolate 6–13 cm wide and 4–9 cm broad with a finely serrated margin; they are densely downy on the underside less so on the upper surface.
La Sept ( album ) . La Sept is a 1989 promotional album of music for La Sept written by Michael Nyman and performed by the Michael Nyman Band. It is Nyman's fourteenth release. Gabrielle Lester makes her debut with the band on this album. After a 13-year hiatus ( at least from recording ) with the band she would replace the departing Alexander Balanescu as concertmaster for The Michael Nyman Band during the recording of Facing Goya and as of 2008 remains in that position.
Epikindyna Paihnidia. Epikindyna Paihnidia ( Dangerous games ) is the debut album by popular Greek artist Elli Kokkinou. It was released in 1999 by Sony Music Greece. This album is currently out of print.
Thug Thisle. Thug Thisle is a studio album by rapper Killa Tay in 2000.
Chapter VI ( album ) . Chapter VI is the fifth studio album by Swedish doom metal band Candlemass released in 1992. This was the first Candlemass album not to feature Messiah Marcolin on vocals since their 1986 debut Epicus Doomicus Metallicus. On this one Thomas Vikström took his place. After poor sales of the album Candlemass subsequently disbanded in early 1994 only to reform three years later.
Untilted. Untilted is Autechre's eighth album. Warp Records released the album in Europe on 18 April 2005 and in North America on 19 April 2005 while Beat Records released it in Japan on 9 April 2005. The album charted at #199 in the UK.A phony version of the album was leaked on file sharing networks simultaneously to the actual album's promotional leak. It became so widespread that Sean Booth commented in an interview The more fakes the merrier we’ve released fakes ourselves but not this time.
The Iron Stone. The Iron Stone is an album released in 2006 by Robin Williamson. This album is the third in a trio of Robin Williamson albums on ECM Records. The Yellow Snake and The Iron Stone are originally from the album Wee Tam and the Big Huge by The Incredible String Band Verses At Ellesmere and Political lies are from Ten of Songs.
Da Drought 3. Da Drought 3 is a two-disc mixtape by Lil Wayne released on April 13 2007
En spjutkastares visor. En spjutkastares visor ( English: Songs of the javelin thrower ) is a music album recorded by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk in 1980. Recorded in Helsinki Finland the album contains older Finnish popular melodies from Tapio Rautavaara Konsta Jylhä and others. Rautavara was also a successful javelin thrower and his gold medal in 1948 Olympic games is referred in the album title.
Boombastic. Mr. Lover Lover redirects here. For Shaggy's greatest hits album see Mr. Lover Lover - The Best of Shaggy... Part 1. Boombastic is the third studio album released by Jamaican artist Shaggy. The album was released on July 11 1995. The album spawned five singles: In The Summertime a cover of a Mungo Jerry classic Boombastic which peaked at number 1 on the UK Singles Chart at 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 and at number 1 on the U.S.
A Different Shade. A Different Shade is a 2007 album from Swedish singer Erik Segerstedt released on February 1 2007 and debuted at number 2 on the Swedish album chart. The album spawned two singles Can't Say I'm Sorry a number-one single and How Did we Change a number-two single.
Kim Appleby ( album ) . Kim Appleby is the solo debut album by British singer Kim Appleby.With the aid of her boyfriend ex-Bros bassist Craig Logan Kim launched a solo career with much of her debut solo album composed of songs cowritten with her sister Mel for what was intended to be the next Mel and Kim album.
Loverly. Loverly is an album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson released in 2008.
Saints ( Destroy the Runner album ) . Saints is Destroy the Runner's debut album released through Solid State Records on September 12 2006. It is also the only album to feature Kyle Setter as lead vocalist and Jeremiah Crespo as bassist.
Live at the Monterey Festival. Live at the Monterey Festival is a live album by the San Francisco rock band Jefferson Airplane which was released in the United Kingdom and Europe by Thunderbolt Records in 1991. The album was authorized by the band and features the entire set from the group's June 17 1967 performance at the Monterey Pop Festival. The album marked the first time that Jefferson Airplane's entire Monterey Pop Festival performance had been given a release by a legitimate record company.
Nothing to Lose ( Michael Learns to Rock album ) . Nothing to Lose is the fourth album of the Danish soft rock band Michael Learns to Rock. It was released in 1997.
Tamo gdje ljubav počinje. Tamo gdje ljubav počinje is the fourth studio album from the Sarajevo-based Bosnian pop rock band Crvena Jabuka released in 1989.This album is mostly centered on love songs and had six singles. After the release of this album there was a tour that lasted to near the start of 1990.
Sanctuary ( Irish charity album ) . Sanctuary is an album supporting charity which was recorded in July 2007 at Glenstal Abbey Co. Limerick Ireland. The album features artists Moya Brennan Mary Coughlan Nóirín Ní Riain Cara O'Sullivan Jimmy O'Brien-Moran the Monks of Glenstal and many others. The genres of music include Traditional Irish folk Gregorian chant contemporary popular and classical.All profits from the album will go to charities supporting victims of domestic violence in Ireland.
Time ( Klinik album ) . Time is the last studio album by the classic Klinik line up of Dirk Ivens and Marc Verhaeghen. Due to mounting tensions and musical differences Ivens left shortly after the recording to pursue a solo career as Dive.The CD release contains the Plague album as a bonus. Plague has never been released as a separate CD.
Dreamland Manor. Dreamland Manor is the debut album of German power metal band Savage Circus. The album sounds similar to older classic Blind Guardian.
In a World Like This. In a World Like This is the eighth studio album ( seventh in the United States ) by the Backstreet Boys released on July 30 2013 through the band's own record label K-BAHN. A follow-up to 2009's This Is Us it is the first album featuring all five original members since Kevin Richardson left the group in 2006 to focus on his family and pursue other interests. Richardson rejoined the group in 2012. It was also their first independent album since leaving their old label Jive Records in 2010.
The Nuisance ( 1933 film ) . The Nuisance is a 1933 film starring Lee Tracy as a lawyer Madge Evans as his love interest ( with a secret ) and Frank Morgan as his accomplice.
Le mataf. Le mataf ( Italian: Tre per una grande rapina ) is a 1973 drama film directed by Serge Leroy and starring Michel Constantin.
The Long Way Home ( 2013 film ) . The Long Way Home ( Turkish: Eve Dönüş: Sarıkamış 1915 ) is a 2013 Turkish drama film directed by Alphan Eşeli.The film has won the International Federation of Film Critics' Fipresci Award the Golden Zenith Award for Best First Fiction Feature film from the 37th Montreal World Film Festival and the New Talent Award for Best First Feature Film from the Hong Kong Asian Film Festival. Furthermore The Long Way Home was nominated for the Sutherland Trophy at the 57th BFI London Film Festival.
Ghetto Stories ( film ) . Ghetto Stories is a direct-to-video American crime film directed by John McDougal and Turk produced and distributed by Asylum Records. It was released on October 26 2010.
In the Alleys of Love. In the Alleys of Love ( Persian: در کوچه های عشق ‎ Dar Koocheha-ye Eshgh ) is an Iranian war film about Khorramshahr shortly after the Iran–Iraq War. Shot in colour on 35mm film it lasts 83 minutes.Khosrow Sinai wrote directed and produced the film and composed the music.
Pathreela Raasta. Pathreela Raasta is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1994 and stars Dimple Kapadia.
Ponirah Terpidana. Ponirah Terpidana ( literally Ponirah is Convicted ) is a 1984 Indonesian drama film directed by Slamet Rahardjo. Starring Nani Vidia Rahardjo and Ray Sahetapy it follows a young woman named Ponirah who becomes a prostitute and is arrested for the murder of a rich businessman. The film which combined traditional and contemporary elements was a critical success in Indonesia. It won three Citra Awards at the 1984 Indonesian Film Festival from a total of eleven nominations.
The Whole Truth ( 1923 film ) . The Whole Truth is a 1923 American film starring Stan Laurel.
Tabloid ( film ) . Tabloid is a 2010 American documentary film by Errol Morris. It tells the story of Joyce McKinney a former Miss Wyoming who in the 70s was accused of kidnapping and raping Kirk Anderson an American Mormon missionary.
Hissatsu: Sure Death. Hissatsu: Sure Death ( 必殺! THE HISSATSU ) is a 1984 film based on the television series Hissatsu. The film is an occasionally whimsical Japanese drama about assassins.
Yitzhak Rabin: a Biography. Yitzhak Rabin: a Biography is a 2004 two-part documentary film that tells the life story of the former Israeli Prime Minister and Nobel Laureates Yitzhak Rabin. The documentary offers interviews with Rabin's fellow politicians and family members. Their insights along with historic film footage offers a history of modern Israel through Rabin's biography.
The Case of the Lucky Legs. The Case of the Lucky Legs is a 1935 mystery film the third in a series of Perry Mason films starring Warren William as the famed lawyer.
Premalekhanam ( film ) . Premalekhanam ( Love Letter ) is a 1985 film directed by P. A. Backer based on the novel of the same name by Vaikom Muhammad Basheer. The cast includes Soman Swapna Meena Captain Raju Vincent and Mala Aravindan.
Investigation ( film ) . Investigation ( Bulgarian: Разследване; Romanisation: Razsledvane ) is a 2006 Bulgarian film directed by Iglika Triffonova.
Peur sur la ville. Peur sur la ville ( also known as Fear Over the City and The Night Caller ) is a 1975 French crime film directed by Henri Verneuil.
Bad Channels. Bad Channels is a 1992 American science fiction spoof released by Full Moon Features. It is about two aliens ( Cosmo & Lump ) who invade a radio station with the intention of capturing female humans by using radio broadcasts. The hero is a DJ forced to combat the aliens alone when listeners think he's joking about the invasion.Other films Dollman Demonic Toys and Dollman vs. Demonic Toys are all semi-sequels to this film.
Volga-Volga. Volga-Volga ( Russian: Волга-Волга ) is a Soviet film comedy directed by Grigori Aleksandrov released on April 24 1938. It centres around a group of amateur performers on their way to Moscow to perform in a talent contest called the Moscow Musical Olympiad. Most of the action takes place on a steamboat travelling on the Volga River.
Winstanley ( film ) . Winstanley is a film made in 1975 in the UK by Kevin Brownlow and Andrew Mollo based on the 1961 David Caute novel Comrade Jacob.This deals with some of the life story of the 17th Century social reformer and writer Gerrard Winstanley who along with a small band of followers known as the Diggers tried to establish a self-sufficient farming community on common land at St. George's Hill near Cobham Surrey.
A Time to Heal ( film ) . A Time to Heal is a 1994 TV movie starring Nicollette Sheridan Gary Cole and Mara Wilson.
City Dump: The Story of the 1951 CCNY Basketball Scandal. City Dump: The Story of the 1951 CCNY Basketball Scandal is a 1998 documentary film by George Roy and Steven Hilliard Stern produced by Black Canyon Productions and HBO Sports about the CCNY Point Shaving Scandal. The documentary was shown on HBO.
Kaiketsu Zorori. Not to be confused with Kaiketsu ZorroKaiketsu Zorori ( かいけつゾロリ Incredible Zorori ) is a popular Japanese children's book series created by Yutaka Hara and published by Poplar Publishing. The original books were also made into an OVA animated feature-length film anime and comic. They all have Zorori in the title.
How to Live ( biography ) . How to Live ( full name How to Live or a life of Montaigne in one question and twenty attempts at an answer ) by Sarah Bakewell was published by Chatto & Windus in 2010 and by Other Press on September 20 2011. It is about the life of 16th century nobleman wine grower and essayist Michel Eyquem de Montaigne. In it Bakewell roughly maps out Montaigne's life against the questions he raises along the way drawing the answers to these questions from his Essays.
I Can Do Bad All by Myself ( play ) . I Can Do Bad All by Myself is a 1999 play directed by written by and starring Tyler Perry. The play marks for the first official appearance of the well-known fictional character Madea who is portrayed by Perry.
The Tree Butcher. The Tree Butcher is collection of 12 short stories written by Polish fantasy writer Andrzej Pilipiuk. The stories are not related in storyline however in some stories there is a character known to Pilipiuk's lovers - dr. Skórzewski.
The First Sir Percy. Set in Holland in 1624 The First Sir Percy by Baroness Orczy is another adventure featuring Sir Percy Blake a foreign adventurer and ancestor of the Scarlet Pimpernel who goes by the name Diogenes.The book is a sequel to The Laughing Cavalier and picks up the story a couple of months after the events in the first book.
Dieu. Dieu ( God 1891 ) is a long religious epic by Victor Hugo parts of which were written between 1855 and 1862. It was left unfinished and published after his death.When it was rejected by his publisher in 1857 Hugo tried to integrate it into Petites Epopées ( later La Légende des siècles ) eventually announcing that it would form a companion work along with La Fin de Satan.
Samtiden. Samtiden is a Norwegian political and literary magazine. It was founded by Jørgen Brunchorst and Gerhard Gran in 1890. The magazine's first publisher was John Griegs forlag ( Bergen ) and from 1900 Aschehoug ( Oslo ) . Gran was the magazine's editor from 1892 to 1925. Cathrine Sandnes has been editor-in-chief since 2006. Samtiden is a member of the Eurozine network.
Yakitate!! Japan. Yakitate!! Ja-pan ( 焼きたて!! ジャぱん meaning Freshly Baked!! Ja-pan the pan also meaning bread in Japanese ) is a manga authored by Takashi Hashiguchi serialized in Shogakukan's Shōnen Sunday which has been adapted into an anime television series by Sunrise. The manga has spanned 26 tankōbon volumes while the weekly serialization of the manga has ended as of January 10 2007.
Everybody Loves a Good Drought. Everybody Loves a Good Drought is a book written by P. Sainath about his research findings of poverty in the rural districts of India. The book won him the Magsaysay Award.
Feminism Unmodified. Feminism Unmodified: Discourses on Life and Law is a 1987 book by feminist academic Catharine MacKinnon. The book is a collection of essays by MacKinnon delivered during the 1980s and it is a radical feminist critique of pornography and liberal feminism.
Cameo Murders. The Cameo Murders is a book by Barry Shortall first published in the United Kingdom by the Bluecoat Press in 1999. The book details the brutal and baffling murders of the manager and assistant manager at the Cameo Cinema in Liverpool in March 1949. The Liverpool City Police launched a massive manhunt and over 9500 houses were visited and 75000 people were interviewed. Over 1800 fingerprints were taken and handwriting samples were obtained from 1841 women.
Remnant Population. Remnant Population is a 1996 science fiction novel by American writer Elizabeth Moon. The story revolves around an old woman who decides to remain behind on a colony world after the company who sent her there pulls out. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1997.
Graphic Arts Monthly. Graphic Arts Monthly ( ISSN-1047-9325 ) was a trade publication and web site owned by Reed Business Information serving the information needs of the printing industry including printers and trade plants.The editor-in-chief was Bill Esler with the editorial offices located in Oak Brook Illinois USA.As the name implies Graphic Arts Monthly had been published monthly since its establishment in 1929. Several common articles includd Best Track Ink Etc. Mail Call and Sales Call.
Science Liberty and Peace. Science Liberty and Peace is an essay written by Aldous Huxley published in 1946. The essay is an opinionated discussion covering a wide range of subjects reflecting Huxley's views towards society at that time. He puts forward a number of predictions many of which turned out to be true up to 60 years later.A consistent theme throughout the essay is Huxley's preference towards a decentralised society.
Landscape of Farewell. Landscape of Farewell is a 2007 novel by the Australian author Alex Miller.
The Messenger ( Mount Airy North Carolina ) . The Messenger was a U.S. newspaper published Sundays Wednesdays and Fridays in Mount Airy North Carolina. It was delivered free to homes in the Surry County area.The Messenger began as a weekday broadsheet whose first edition was printed on July 9 2007 after the purchase of the The Mount Airy News and Elkin's The Tribune by Heartland Publications LLC.
Vermillion Literary Project Magazine. The Vermillion Literary Project Magazine is an award-winning American literary magazine distributed by the University of South Dakota. The journal the only literary publication of USD has been in publication since 1982 and is the culmination of the Vermillion Literary Project.The annual journal publishes art essays and short stories that center on a regional theme but make exceptions for distinguished work from world-wide submissions.
European Journal of International Relations. The European Journal of International Relations is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering international relations. It is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the European Standing Group on International Relations of the European Consortium for Political Research. The editors-in-chief are Beate Jahn Peter Newell and Patricia Owens ( University of Sussex ) .
MedStar I: Battle Surgeons. MedStar I: Battle Surgeons is the first of two Del Rey Star Wars books by Michael Reaves and Steve Perry set in the Star Wars galaxy during the Clone Wars. The book takes place two years after Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and 21 years before Episode IV: A New Hope.
The Monarchy ( comics ) . The Monarchy was an American comic book series written by Doselle Young with art by John McCrea. It was published by Wildstorm. The Monarchy lasted 12 issues and had an intro-issue in The Authority #21.The series focused on ex-Stormwatch members Jackson King and Christine Trelane ( formerly known as Battalion and Synergy ) gathering a team of superheroes for the extra-dimensional Weavers.